my priorities changed a lot. Um, since I first joined the Navy when I
first got in, I was always thinking about Well, how much am I going
to get for school? Okay, put that inside. How much of my saving up for
my time after the Navy. Um, if I were to join the Navy Reserve, put
that off to the side. What kind of certifications can I can I get?
What kind of training can I get that goes on my record that I can
have for later on later on, You kind of realize you don't realize it's
actually like training on you. And, um generally, most chiefs feel
this way. All the things and all the activities that I've done are
kind of they're not meaningless, but their second fiddle thio the type
of work or the type of things that I could give to my sailors. So
for me, my e is whenever somebody gets promoted, um, second to that
is whenever anyone gets an award and although that's not necessarily
on my record, I do get, you know, some kind of credit for that. Um,
I just feel like it's more important kind of like handing down the
torch to someone else, and I think that's that's one of the best things
that you can have as you grew up in leadership.